chore(components): remove usage of utility classes in post-header (#4358)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/breezy-poets-shout.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

> Removed usage of utility classes in `post-header` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed the dependency on utility classes in `post-header` component. The header can now be used without importing CSS utility classes.
```
